Document configurable Form submission limit feature (#744)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/components/forms.rst

.. note::
    Not all Themes include Form styling. Check the Features column on your Themes listing in the Theme Manager to see which Themes include styling for Forms.

Advanced options
****************

The Form Builder includes an **Advanced options** section where you can configure additional settings.

Submission limits
=================

> Submission limits let you restrict how many submissions a Form can accept. This is useful for event registrations with limited capacity, contests with a fixed number of entries, or promotional offers with restricted availability.

Author: Added submission limit documentation based on [PR #15396](https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/15396) which introduces `submissionLimit`, `submissionLimitMessage`, and `submissionCount` fields to the Form entity. The PR shows the UI location in the Form Builder under "Advanced options" accordion with "Submissions limit" section, and includes form owner notification via `notifySubmissionLimitReached()` method.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/15396

To configure a submission limit:

#. In the Form Builder, expand the **Advanced options** accordion.
#. In the **Submissions limit** section, set the following fields:

   - **Maximum submissions** - Enter the maximum number of submissions the Form accepts. Leave blank for unlimited submissions.

>    - **Limit reached message** - Enter a custom message to display when the Form reaches its submission limit. If left blank, Mautic displays a default message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Maximum submissions** - Enter the maximum number of submissions the Form accepts. Leave blank for unlimited submissions.
   * **Limit reached message** - Enter a custom message to display when the Form reaches its submission limit. If left blank, Mautic displays a default message.
```

When a Form reaches its submission limit:

- The Form stops accepting new submissions and displays the configured message.
- The Form owner receives a notification that the Form has reached its limit.

> - If you delete submissions - individually or in bulk - and the count drops below the limit, the Form automatically reopens to accept new submissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Form stops accepting new submissions and displays the configured message.
* The Form owner receives a notification that the Form has reached its limit.
* If you delete submissions - individually or in bulk - and the count drops below the limit, the Form automatically reopens to accept new submissions.
```

.. note::

>     The submission count updates in real time. Deleting submissions reduces the count, potentially reopening a Form that was previously at its limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

   The submission count updates in real time. Deleting submissions reduces the count, potentially reopening a Form that was previously at its limit.
```

.. note::
    Not all Themes include Form styling. Check the Features column on your Themes listing in the Theme Manager to see which Themes include styling for Forms.

Advanced options
****************

The Form Builder includes an **Advanced options** section where you can configure additional settings.

Submission limits
=================

Submission limits let you restrict how many submissions a Form can accept. This is useful for event registrations with limited capacity, contests with a fixed number of entries, or promotional offers with restricted availability.

To configure a submission limit:

#. In the Form Builder, expand the **Advanced options** accordion.
#. In the **Submissions limit** section, set the following fields:

   * **Maximum submissions** - Enter the maximum number of submissions the Form accepts. Leave blank for unlimited submissions.

>    * **Limit reached message** - Enter a custom message to display when the Form reaches its submission limit. If left blank, Mautic displays a default message.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss, there are a few things here:

- Is "accordion" a wide known term, especially for non-tech folks? If not, we need to reword this.
- Change "Form Builder"  to "New Form or Edit Form page"
- As we're using generic "page", wrap the whole ordered list in vale off/on statements.

.. note::
    Not all Themes include Form styling. Check the Features column on your Themes listing in the Theme Manager to see which Themes include styling for Forms.

Advanced options
****************

> The New Form or Edit Form page includes an **Advanced options** section where you can configure additional settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

The 'New Form' or 'Edit Form' page includes an **Advanced options** section where you can configure additional settings.

.. vale on
```

Submission limits
=================

Submission limits let you restrict how many submissions a Form can accept. This is useful for event registrations with limited capacity, contests with a fixed number of entries, or promotional offers with restricted availability.

To configure a submission limit:

.. vale off

> #. On the New Form or Edit Form page, expand the **Advanced options** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the 'New Form' or 'Edit Form' page, expand the **Advanced options** section.
```

.. note::
    Not all Themes include Form styling. Check the Features column on your Themes listing in the Theme Manager to see which Themes include styling for Forms.

Advanced options
****************

.. vale off

The 'New Form' or 'Edit Form' page includes an **Advanced options** section where you can configure additional settings.

.. vale on

Submission limits
=================

> Submission limits let you restrict how many submissions a Form can accept. This is useful for event registrations with limited capacity, contests with a fixed number of entries, or promotional offers with restricted availability.
> 
> To configure a submission limit:
> 
> .. vale off
> 
> #. On the 'New Form' or 'Edit Form' page, expand the **Advanced options** section.
> #. In the **Submissions limit** section, set the following fields:
> 
>    * **Maximum submissions** - Enter the maximum number of submissions the Form accepts. Leave blank for unlimited submissions.
>    * **Limit reached message** - Enter a custom message to display when the Form reaches its submission limit. If left blank, Mautic displays a default message.
> 
> .. vale on

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss I think we can clarify this lists:

- Add an image (attached below) to show the Advanced Options section right after the last bullet point, before the `.. vale on`. Give a descriptive alt text.
- Clarify the location of Advanced Options (see suggestion below).

```suggestion
.. vale off

#. On the 'New Form' or 'Edit Form' page, expand the **Advanced options** section at the bottom right.
#. In the **Submissions limit** section, set the following fields:

   * **Maximum submissions** - Enter the maximum number of submissions the Form accepts. Leave blank for unlimited submissions.
   * **Limit reached message** - Enter a custom message to display when the Form reaches its submission limit. If left blank, Mautic displays a default message.

.. image:: images/forms/form_advanced_options.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: 
   
.. vale on
```

**Image:**

<img width="506" height="655" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e11f3a49-5ee2-477a-8171-855b88c73b87" />

.. note::
    Not all Themes include Form styling. Check the Features column on your Themes listing in the Theme Manager to see which Themes include styling for Forms.

Advanced options
****************

.. vale off

The 'New Form' or 'Edit Form' page includes an **Advanced options** section where you can configure additional settings.

.. vale on

Submission limits
=================

Submission limits let you restrict how many submissions a Form can accept. This is useful for event registrations with limited capacity, contests with a fixed number of entries, or promotional offers with restricted availability.

To configure a submission limit:

.. vale off

#. On the 'New Form' or 'Edit Form' page, expand the **Advanced options** section at the bottom right.
#. In the **Submissions limit** section, set the following fields:

   * **Maximum submissions** - Enter the maximum number of submissions the Form accepts. Leave blank for unlimited submissions.
   * **Limit reached message** - Enter a custom message to display when the Form reaches its submission limit. If left blank, Mautic displays a default message.

.. image:: images/forms/form_advanced_options.png
   :width: 600

>    :alt: Advanced options section in the Form editor showing the Submissions limit settings with Maximum submissions and Limit reached message fields

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss the image size looks gigantic on the website. Can we resize it by, like, 60 or 50%?
